Hi Swapnil Patil,
I asked Brenda to get help from Priti - they need urgent help on barcode project. It may take 1-2 days of her time.
 
Hello,
you mean for performance testing for this specific project?
 
Yes, I am not sure if she needs to do that or help Synergy engineer to do that.
 
They have never done performance testing it seems.
 
Performance testing is a different beast, and if they don't have that perf testing engineer and haven't done it before, I doubt they'll finish on time.
What we can do is take a phased approach: get the framework or baseline set up with the initial work(Priti & myself can help on that) & then KT them.
With a sample & baseline, they should be able to do it.
 
Absolutely — we can help with this.
 
But we need to consider this
Right now, though, we don’t have a clear understanding of the project or the expectations.
Could we get formal requirements on what needs to be done?
A demo and some KT on what it does and how it works would help us design the test cases.
It would also be helpful to have the timeline, along with some aha/jira details.
And if any questions come up, SMEs to support us would be great.
We’re happy to help, and she is a pro in that area, so she should be able to pull it off.
 
what is the ETA?
 
also, can we not streamline this? does this need to be part of performance testing framework? is there a crude version we can go for?
 
Rajib Akhter
what is the ETA?
I'd like to understand the scope and requirements first; once we have that context, I can provide a realistic ETA.
 
Rajib Akhter
also, can we not streamline this? does this need to be part of performance testing framework? is there a crude version we can go for?
The Perf Testing framework already exists; what we'd need is a lightweight project structure and baseline scripts for the barcode application so it's organized, maintainable, and can be extended by the team going forward.
 
we need it to be done by next Friday (end of the day) in worst case scenario
 
Can we get in call and discuss 
I think can be done but without checking how many endpoints or ui screens it's hard to commit 
 
But its achievable, by perf test engg not with regular QA
 
Rajib Akhter added Suresh Mahto and Krishna Reddy to the chat and shared all chat history.

 
I added developers into this chat. I think it is very limited api call (one get end point for sure0
 
Swapnil Patil
But its achievable, by perf test engg not with regular QA
I heard they have engineers who can automate - I would like to see if we could utilize them or not.
 
Then I can be done
Api are little easier on perf testing side
 
Rajib Akhter
I heard they have engineers who can automate - I would like to see if we could utilize them or not.
I can pull in Datta if we need confirmation on skillset
 
Brenda Montoya added Dattatraya Adsul to the chat and shared all chat history.

 
Available whenever you guys are
 
me too
 
can we connect now
 
Please exclude me from the call. you guys can connect. 
Brenda Montoya - can you please share the progress at the end of the day?
 
Sure, I will 
Friday 12:45 PM You started a meeting.

 
started meeting here please feel free to join
 
This is the epic Swapnil - https://ascensuscollegesavings.atlassian.net/browse/SYN-443?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiZmQzZDE0OTYyMDkwNGQ3MThhNGMyNWY1NDEyZmQ4YjEiLCJwIjoiaiJ9
Jira
 
Suresh is pending the SQL for QC4
 
QC4 : select barcode_id, a.* from tu_sent_mail a;
 