Blazemeter/Reporting
  Pro:
    1. Enterprise license already setup via Retirement
    2. Support multiple test scripts including SELENIUM/JAVA or YAML which can be created (with some changes) via the Blazemeter browser plugin

  Con:
    1. Blazemeter reporting can be misleading as response times on flows includes all steps (user form inputs, etc.)
    2. Selenium scripts can cause more work even though they can handle better data generation

Blazemeter (Created via GUI and executed by Blazemeter)
  Pro:
    1. Use of YAML/Apiritif format which is easier to setup and write out in full flows
    2. Provides access to more options for data generation without having to create data files (CSV)
    3. Allows much higher user load (potentially up to license restrictions)
    4. Supports test execution via different locations
      a. SELENIUM/JAVA supports numerous locations, the number of each, and percent of traffic to each
      b. YAML supports numerous locations and the number of each only
    5. Provides an additional End User Experience Monitoring option which can execute a user related test during the load test (including the option to record video)
    6. Offers additional APM integrations (such as New Relic)

  Con:
    1. URLs need to be accessible (public or Blazemeter)
    2. Whitelisting Blazemeter as-is seems impossible (https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/207420645?utm_term=trendemon)
    3. Will require additional setup and/or cost to be able to support internal websites
      a. Other options can be found at: https://www.blazemeter.com/blog/firewall-performance-testing
    4. Endurance testing would be limited to 24 hours and may end up using a lot of users from license

Taurus (Local)
  Pro:
    1. Easier to setup test scripts and make sure they are functioning correctly
    2. Access to internal URLs

  Con:
    1. Very low user load

Taurus (AGS Selenium Grid)
  Pro:
    1. Internal grid which can more easily support load and endurance testing
    2. Relies on same script/setup as other executions (with minor changes)
    3. Access to internal URLs

  Con:
    1. Limited user load (currently running for 30 users with possiblity to go up to 150 users but may lead to stability issues)
    2. May require some additional setup or fixes on seleniumhubnt1/2 in order to support URLs (network traffic, etc.)
    3. Will share resources with other executions that will run on the grid

Taurus (Ran through Apiritif format)
  Pro:
    1. Easy to write and setup (https://gettaurus.org/docs/Apiritif/)
    2. Blazemeter browser plugin can provide a general template
    3. Can more easily create custom steps for Blazemeter reporting

  Con:
    1. Data generation is limited to file load (and likely will require a separate script to generate/create)

Taurus (Ran through Selenium format)
  Pro:
    1. More selenium related control
    2. Program language will allow more control of data generation without having to create CSV data files
    3. Blazemeter browser plugin can provide a general template

  Con:
    1. Less Blazemeter reporting control
    2. Will require re-writing full selenium tests (PRIME tests will not be re-usable here)
